
show: intro slide

ask: How important are graphics? <really important!!!>
ask: Would you like to have game quality graphics that run on the user's gpu?
    yes: Of course you would!
    no: It's easier and more efficient than you think!
    
show: "at the end of this 12m talk, you will be able to reproduce this" -- demo

ask: What's 3D animation like? Is it the same as 2D, or different?
show: 2D graphics-draw frame directly--intuitive
show: 3D graphics is like claymation; create a diorama, make slight movements, snap pic of the frame

WE're in a little world all our own, so we'll answer
 the three orienting questions--where, what, how
where: we're building a little world, a diorama--THREE.scene
    we need a wormhole into it--THREE.PerspectiveCamera
    ? Describe the significance of using a PerspectiveCamera
    show: overview slides with tree diagrams
What: we need to populate our diorama with objects--THREE.Mesh
    also add a THREE.PointLight so that our world isn't enveloped in darkness
How: create an animation loop using RequestAnimationFrame()
    "a coupon for a frame--each time you redeem one, collect another"
    Use affine transformations to move the meshes a little bit each frame
    Transformations we will mainly use: translation, rotation, scaling

tell: So we will be doing claymation, except instead of using clay, we will use code.
ask: So, what do we need?
tell: on the concrete level, we need: three.js, teapot.obj, an html5 page
show: slide listing these
show: slide with github url
tell: Now that we're done going shopping...

first, to get some basic housekeeping out of the way--
create an index.html file, include script three.min.js,
    include our own script, inline in this case
    within it, create a THREE.WebGLRenderer and append it to the document body


Go over the three above points in detail, with code snippets on the slides
Scene-- just instantiate one
Camera--describe the four parameters
Describe the parts of the mesh: 
    THREE.Geometry (the bones) and THREE.Material (the skin, so it can be seen)
    ? describe the difference between logical and visible constructs
    ? mention the python obj to js converter
    Discuss asynchronous loading of models and why the loader needs a callback
Walk through the steps of the render function

Show: demo again

show: resources & urls slide

NOTE: make links document to put in repo
    



